gh-104804: Remove webbrowser.MacOSX class, deprecated in Python 3.11 (#104816)
python/cpython: Misc/NEWS.d/next/Library/2023-05-23-21-25-54.gh-issue-104804.78fiE6.rst

> Remove :class:`!webbrowser.MacOSX` class, deprecated in Python 3.11.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Remove the :module:`webbrowser` :class:`!webbrowser` class, deprecated in Python 3.11.
```

* Link to the module docs
* Use similar phrasing to other changelog entries, framed as complete sentances

> Remove the :mod:`webbrowser` :class:`!webbrowser` class, deprecated in Python 3.11.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Remove the untested and undocumented :mod:`webbrowser` :class:`!MacOSX` class, deprecated in Python 3.11.
```
